Docs status updates - Fixes #150 (#268)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/models/dcim/cable.md

* Power outlets
* Power ports

> Each cable may be assigned a type, label, length, and color. Each cable must also assigned one of three operational [`statuses`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each cable may be assigned a type, label, length, and color. Each cable must also assigned to an operational [`status`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/). The following statuses are available by default:
```

* Active 
* Planned
* Decommissioning

> Status fields can now be customized via the new [`status`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/) model.

Reviewer: Same: IMO just remove this since it's redundant with the link above it.
